README.md, before:

# Project Title

IN6227 Assignment2 uses a dataset downloaded from Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/heeraldedhia/groceries-dataset/). Two types of association rules algorithm - Apriori based on mlxtend python library and brute force python implementation taking reference from GitHub (https://github.com/Dhruvish97/Brute-Force-Rule-Mining), are applied and compared by analysing the time required for execution as the performance metric.

## Table of Contents

- [Project Title](#project-title)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contact](#contact)

## Installation

Installation is not required but you will need to have a tool to run Jupyter notebooks.
Download the entire project folder and open main.ipynb file. The dataset files are saved in dataset folder within this project folder.
Python version used is 3.11.5. Required python packages can be found in requirements.txt file.

## Usage

See Jupyter notebook inline content.

## Contributing

Not applicable as this is an assignment.

## License

Dataset from Kaggle https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/heeraldedhia/groceries-dataset/ is under GPL2 license.

## Contact

Author: Tan Hua Beng, G2203829L
Email: W220032@e.ntu.edu.sg

Commit message:

Added saving results to csv

README.md, after:

# Project Title

IN6227 Assignment2 uses a dataset downloaded from Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/heeraldedhia/groceries-dataset/). Two types of association rules algorithm - Apriori based on mlxtend python library and brute force python implementation taking reference from GitHub (https://github.com/Dhruvish97/Brute-Force-Rule-Mining), are applied and compared by analysing the time required for execution as the performance metric.

## Table of Contents

- [Project Title](#project-title)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contact](#contact)

## Installation

Installation is not required but you will need to have a tool to run Jupyter notebooks.
Download the entire project folder and open main.ipynb file. The dataset files are saved in dataset folder within this project folder.
Plots and data of results are saved in results folder.
Python version used is 3.11.5. Required python packages can be found in requirements.txt file.

## Usage

See Jupyter notebook inline content.

## Contributing

Not applicable as this is an assignment.

## License

Dataset from Kaggle https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/heeraldedhia/groceries-dataset/ is under GPL2 license.

## Contact

Author: Tan Hua Beng, G2203829L
Email: W220032@e.ntu.edu.sg
